hello guys here is my guitar tutorial
for taylor swift's new song called Ronan
it's about a four yo boy who recently
passed away from cancer and she wrote a
song for him and the point of it is to
raise money for cancer research so
please when you a chance to go donate
and listen to the song and you guys
enjoyed this tutorial and learn from it
alright the chorus in the song are F
major 7
okay see me minor 7
this cool-looking G chord all right keep
in mind in my description i keep on my
tabs course or impetus and 18 guys in so
if you're not sure how to play these
courses just showed you go look down
below and I'll have a tester explaining
exactly how to play those chords i also
have this drawing pad on it down there
if you're on troy play strumming pattern
I don't explain this G chord for a
second because there's a little
technique adela says somebody that some
of you mean I know ok just for us to
keep in mind we're keeping the first
thing I just this up and next finger on
the first fret second string and your
ring finger on the third fret straight
six string and you're viewing this fit
string the way you meet a string is you
just slightly touch it you don't push it
down you touch it ok so you're playing
this year and then we're muting that
other string ok so this is the few more
days you can God if you aren't trying to
do that ESMA question i'll explain it
soon then let's begin the intro goes as
follows it goes like this
okay pretty much we're just doing the
same down
the picking version for this song right
how to put up picking the riff and next
day she has when she's singing it and I
have a separate tutorial just the
picking okay so this one is focused on
strumming all right strong pattern is
like this first entire song is like this
and part of the bridge it changed up
dropping out really the patron has me
just down
down down down down down
case of each chord is one sequence of
down
ok so then show more time down see
got that just down all right you got
that now the way the verse was a singer
and I'll explain to you as you like this
down the hall
there's guys on occasion
so what we're doing now is yours going
to go down down down up same thing as
the intro really just you know down
touchdown
that's the G there
oh so its seed down
I'm after
oh alright that is the verse really
simple just down sounds up they were
going to a my 72 f me
okay what's going down
getting out let's skip on to the course
how to play the chorus right the core is
a song is you know approach the same
thing just different order of course
we're going at
see
I'm gonna sing it and now explain to
catch same way is it for come on with me
you
yes
okay so we're dealing renew it down
down down as my kid
unit down
and again down
get it
right guys that's the entire course just
one more time an effort to go down
down down its earlier this year to hotel
challenge f2f 40
nothin thin death again down down at the
gate down down of the seat down
great then I get the last part is the
bridge you know what if I'm standing as
a try
what if I can take down he won't
what if I
what yes
my man
and getting
ok so this on this bridge is pretty much
f2c
she again right how do we play that
where to go F down down down up to see
down
let's gig and down
can you open over here for the bridge
sauce but I want to go down more time
they have free to go F down down down
sit down
the dart I step down down down sit down
so yours go F
damn seat down
okay that's the entire song bird intro
verse chorus and bridge I'm going to try
to make a tutorial for it picking right
all right I want show meets toilet for
that taking you know portion the song
how to play that I'm really soon I'm for
now learn the chords the strumming and
hopefully maybe even tonight or not
hopefully tomorrow I'll have a tutorial
for the picking guys okay for car in the
song and make sure you check out her
video and if you could donate all right
thank you joy